Ideas for 4 functions:

Positive(language) - Conor
Funny - Harrison
Motivational - Eason
Negative motivational - Sam
Help (arg for each func) - Ganling

List the definition and functionality for each function

Riddles / tiny puzzles (engagement)

Saturday 11:00 am next meeting

Function skeleton

Testing

How to run (make sure ur in root director):

Initial set up virtual env (Only do these 2 steps once)
1. pipenv --python 3.12 (i used python version 3.12.2 , i think any version works idk)
2. pipenv install --dev

3. pipenv shell
(opens the venv)

4. python -m examples.demo
(runs demos, works)

5. pytest -q
(should run tests, i have implemented no testing)

3 tests for each function

(Category, this is the function) [ (Language) (Intensity)]

==Catalog==
Positive(language)
Funny
Motivational
Negative motivational

Positive(English)
Everybody should learn to program a computer because it teaches you how to think. – Steve Jobs

It is not the language that makes programs appear simple. It is the programmer that make the language appear simple! — Robert C. Martin

Funny(English)
Computers are fast; developers keep them slow. – Anonymous

If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. – Sam Redwine

You should name a variable using the same care with which you name a first-born child. — Robert C. Martin

Any code of your own that you haven’t looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else. — Eagleson’s Law

You want it in one line? Does it have to fit in 80 columns? — Larry Wall

Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. — John Woods

We like to think we spend our time power typing, but we actually spend most of our time staring into the abyss.” — Douglas Crockford

Motivational(English)
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. – Oscar Wilde

If, at first, you do not succeed, call it version 1.0. ― Khayri R.R. Woulfe

It’s not a bug; it’s an undocumented feature. - Grace Hopper

Confusion is part of programming. ― Felienne Hermans

Negative motivational(English)
There is always one more bug to fix. – Ellen Ullman

Talk is cheap. Show me the code. ― Linus Torvalds

Software and cathedrals are much the same — first we build them, then we pray.

Web development is difficult, only then it is fun to do. You just have to set your standards. If it were to be easy, would anyone do it? ― Olawale Daniel

Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday’s code. – Dan Salomon